# RestaurantAutomation

## Overview:

#### •	The aim of this project is to streamline and create ease for all the individuals involved in efficiently running a restaurant. This project hopes to eliminate the need for pen and paper for privately owned restaurants who desire to upgrade to a more seamless, efficient and effective experience to help improve their service. We hope to achieve complete automation so that it is easier to coordinate a variety of tasks that keeps the restaurant operating at its best everyday. With the traditional approach of using a pen and paper it is difficult to track all metrics, it also creates redundancy of piles and piles of wasted paper, and the workings of the restaurant creates a complicated situation in terms of managing everything successfully.
#### •	The system proposed hopes to achieve eradication of discrepancies which makes a restaurant inefficient. Staff will be able to take orders and send it to the chef immediately so they can start to prepare the food. As soon as the food is ready a notification will alert the waiter to take the prepared order back to the respective table. This eliminates confusion between the wait and kitchen staff. A side benefit of implementing this would be that the customer when sees automation integrated with in the restaurant they are rest assured that they are getting their food on time and fresh. This leads to drop in customer complaints over time and probably appreciation.
#### •	Overtime, with a fully integrated system the restaurant will be getting all kinds of metrics about how their restaurant is functioning on a daily basis. The restaurant can use data points such as time it takes to prepare food, at what times of the day the restaurant has a large volume of customers and also, feedback from customers to significantly improve in all kinds of different areas where improvement is required. This will also help identify the issues which are otherwise ignored. The restaurant could also use this data to market to the segment of customers which the respective restaurant appeals to.

